Why did he react like this?
It's not like I ruined his gift
This is me outside
where to buy
That might be a gift booth
Sili, copy it for me
Around the mid-level villa
All stalls selling Caipu gifts
Fortunately, I am Jilin
This waiter is so serious
What a bastard who wants to take revenge
You start a fight, I want it
Even if you give me all your belongings
Forget it, Taipu wants to stay and fight, I'm sorry
I really didn't break it on purpose.
How much is this worth to you?
This is a big favor that I specially asked for
Custom-made by Eleven Mile Shabai
Cash and this brushed steel
how long are you
Thought for a moment
I turned around and cut my mouth again.
Then who told you to talk so scary? I understand.
I want the best in the world
Then you've been looking for him for so long
If that's the person you're most in charge of
I'll just go into my room again
This misunderstanding room
He sent out bids and quickly found a new recruiter.
The elevator is not your thing
Is it necessary to go to the sanctions conference?
The World Materials Conference is ready
I will never miss you again